## Summary
This project involves visualization of baseball performance using data set from udacity. Two graphs are created:
* Visualization between player's height vs home run and batting rate average.
* Visualization between Player's prefer hand vs home run and batting rate average.

Here comes some finding through those plot:
1. Shorter height players are better at batting; 
2. Medium height players are more constant in their home run rates; 
3. Left-handed players are better batting and doing home runs. 

## Design
* In player's height vs home run and ratting rate, I use line plot to describe batting rate and use bubble plot to show home run. After feedback, I take a square root of home run to resize the bubble to make it more comfortable.

* In Player's prefer hand vs home run and batting rate average, I use bar plot to show the distribution of prefer hand vs home run. Beacuse bar plot is one of the easist way to show distribution in a graph. After feedback, I add a line plot to show hand preference vs batting rate. The reason I choose line plot is that is can show the difference between different performance directed.

## Feedback
### First round:
* Feedback1 - W. Zhang
  - Plots should have a title;
  - "x" and "y" axis should have unit or entry name;

  I add title and entry name on both my plots.
* Feedback2 - R. Fan
  - Resize bubble plots so that make it balanced;
  - Modify the color to make plot look more comfortable;
  
  I take a square root of home run and I change red line to blue line.
* Feedback3 - P. Gong
  - Add information about "batting rate" in second plot;
  
  I add a blue line to show "batting rate" in second plot.

### Second round:

* Feedback1 - R.Fan
  - Add some marks to make data in second line plot easy to see;

  I add bubble in each of data point.

## Resources
http://dimplejs.org/examples_viewer.html?id=bars_vertical_grouped

